There's a big difference between undergraduate and graduate schools. Undergraduate
school is where you get your basic theory about your main
topic, your main major. So for instance, if I'm computer science,
then they're going to give me a broad general spectrum of what computer
science is. Your graduate school, it depends on whether you go
to masters or PhD.  Masters' courses, they vary. I'm in a masters course
that has only classes and it doesn't have any research oriented
work. However, most masters students are, they have some kind of strong
research element, component to them, that's as opposed to undergraduate
school. PhD is strictly and specifically for doing research.
So, at the bottom you have, not bottom, but at the lower end of the
spectrum, you have undergraduate where you get your basic theory,
you have your master's which can be on the path to a PhD or it can
be vocational, and you have your PhD which is very academic and strictly
for research.